docs/certifications.md, before:

# Certifications

My certifications have demonstrated a love of problem solving and a willingness to take on new challenges. In addition, participation in hackathons demonstrate my ability to work in a team.

## Software Engineer Certificate

<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/certificates/5a88bb740325">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/software-engineer.png" alt="Software Engineer" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-1C1C1C?&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST_API-1C1C1C?&logo=django&logoColor=white)


## Frontend Developer Certificate
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/certificates/890a46f6356a">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/frontend-developer.png" alt="Software Development" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-1C1C1C?&logo=react&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

## Diploma in Full Stack Software Development
<a href="https://www.credential.net/b96c6bc3-5bc2-4d75-9e81-a815af521b0f#acc.AiVS04uc">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/diploma-software-development.png" alt="Diploma in Full Stack Software Development" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-1C1C1C?&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-1C1C1C?&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST_API-1C1C1C?&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-1C1C1C?&logo=react&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-1C1C1C?&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-1C1C1C?&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-1C1C1C?&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)

## Hackathon Third Place

<a href="https://eu.badgr.com/public/assertions/VjNUqnbxR7G_syKI8UJt8Q">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/hackathon-3rd.png" alt="Hackathon Third Place" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-1C1C1C?&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

## Hackathon Participant
<a href="https://api.eu.badgr.io/public/assertions/qdN_WpdfRL27rBvapCClvg?identity__email=lmcrean%40gmail.com">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/hackathon-participant.png" alt="Hackathon Participant" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-1C1C1C?&logo=react&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

## Hackathon Participant
<a href="https://api.eu.badgr.io/public/assertions/EE_rXje1Qq2PLTqcuD89XA?identity__email=lmcrean%40gmail.com">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/hackathon-participant-2.png" alt="Hackathon Participant" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-1C1C1C?&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Github Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github_Pages-1C1C1C?&logo=github&logoColor=white)

## Channel Lead Python
<a href="https://eu.badgr.com/public/assertions/La9C3ni8SvGCLXxY3ozStw">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/channel-lead.png" alt="Channel Lead Python" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-1C1C1C?&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-1C1C1C?&logo=slack&logoColor=white)

## 5 Day Coding Challenge
<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1v9kYIQKaJP_xnFxgkag_TDZkKlnywa17/view?usp=sharing">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/5-day-coding-challenge.png" alt="5 Day Coding Challenge" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-1C1C1C?&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

Commit message:

Update certifications documentation: Correct grammatical errors, add details about technical tests undertaken, and summarize project development and mentorship experiences. Include links to specific projects for further reference.

docs/certifications.md, after:

# Certifications

My certifications have demonstrate a love of problem solving and a willingness to take on new challenges. In addition, participation in hackathons demonstrate my ability to work in a team.

## Software Engineer Certificate

<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/certificates/5a88bb740325">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/software-engineer.png" alt="Software Engineer" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-1C1C1C?&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST_API-1C1C1C?&logo=django&logoColor=white)

Undertook a proctored 75m Technical Test with 3 complex questions. 30 hours Study taken in preparation through mini-coding challenges.

## Frontend Developer Certificate
<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/certificates/890a46f6356a">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/frontend-developer.png" alt="Software Development" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-1C1C1C?&logo=react&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

Proctored 60 Minute Technical Test, solved 2 challenging technical problems.

## Diploma in Full Stack Software Development
<a href="https://www.credential.net/b96c6bc3-5bc2-4d75-9e81-a815af521b0f#acc.AiVS04uc">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/diploma-software-development.png" alt="Diploma in Full Stack Software Development" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-1C1C1C?&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-1C1C1C?&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST_API-1C1C1C?&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-1C1C1C?&logo=react&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-1C1C1C?&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-1C1C1C?&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-1C1C1C?&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)

- Developed 8 Projects over 17 months, 5 personal project and three group hackathons. 
- undertook 650 hours study including coding challenges and structured walkthroughs.
- Mentored by experience software developers for personal projects.

## Hackathon Third Place

<a href="https://eu.badgr.com/public/assertions/VjNUqnbxR7G_syKI8UJt8Q">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/hackathon-3rd.png" alt="Hackathon Third Place" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-1C1C1C?&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

See **Wealth Quest** in [Projects](/projects) for more details.

## Hackathon Participant
<a href="https://api.eu.badgr.io/public/assertions/qdN_WpdfRL27rBvapCClvg?identity__email=lmcrean%40gmail.com">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/hackathon-participant.png" alt="Hackathon Participant" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-1C1C1C?&logo=react&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

See **Retrolympic Rush** in [Projects](/projects) for more details.

## Hackathon Participant
<a href="https://api.eu.badgr.io/public/assertions/EE_rXje1Qq2PLTqcuD89XA?identity__email=lmcrean%40gmail.com">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/hackathon-participant-2.png" alt="Hackathon Participant" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-1C1C1C?&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Github Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github_Pages-1C1C1C?&logo=github&logoColor=white)

## Channel Lead Python
<a href="https://eu.badgr.com/public/assertions/La9C3ni8SvGCLXxY3ozStw">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/channel-lead.png" alt="Channel Lead Python" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-1C1C1C?&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-1C1C1C?&logo=slack&logoColor=white)

## 5 Day Coding Challenge
<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1v9kYIQKaJP_xnFxgkag_TDZkKlnywa17/view?usp=sharing">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/5-day-coding-challenge.png" alt="5 Day Coding Challenge" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-1C1C1C?&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
