docs/education.md, before:

# Education

<font color="red">
This page is currently under construction!
</font>


## Diploma in Full Stack Software Development - Advanced Frontend

<a href="https://www.credential.net/b96c6bc3-5bc2-4d75-9e81-a815af521b0f#acc.AiVS04uc">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/diploma-software-development.png" alt="Diploma in Full Stack Software Development" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-1C1C1C?&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-1C1C1C?&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST_API-1C1C1C?&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-1C1C1C?&logo=react&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-1C1C1C?&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-1C1C1C?&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-1C1C1C?&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)



## Postgraduate Certificate in General Education with Qualified Teacher Status, University of Roehampton

![Teamwork](https://img.shields.io/badge/Teamwork-1C1C1C?&logo=teamwork&logoColor=white) ![Communication](https://img.shields.io/badge/Communication-1C1C1C?&logo=communication&logoColor=white) ![Problem Solving](https://img.shields.io/badge/Problem_Solving-1C1C1C?&logo=problem-solving&logoColor=white) ![Leadership](https://img.shields.io/badge/Leadership-1C1C1C?&logo=leadership&logoColor=white) ![Planning](https://img.shields.io/badge/Planning-1C1C1C?&logo=planning&logoColor=white) ![Time Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time_Management-1C1C1C?&logo=time-management&logoColor=white) ![Adaptability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adaptability-1C1C1C?&logo=adaptability&logoColor=white) ![Creativity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Creativity-1C1C1C?&logo=creativity&logoColor=white) ![Critical Thinking](https://img.shields.io/badge/Critical_Thinking-1C1C1C?&logo=critical-thinking&logoColor=white) ![Self-Motivation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Self_Motivation-1C1C1C?&logo=self-motivation&logoColor=white)

## Postgraduate Diploma in Fine Art, Royal Drawing School

![Problem solving](https://img.shields.io/badge/Problem_Solving-1C1C1C?&logo=problem-solving&logoColor=white) ![Research](https://img.shields.io/badge/Research-1C1C1C?&logo=independent-research&logoColor=white) ![Self-Motivation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Self_Motivation-1C1C1C?&logo=self-motivation&logoColor=white) ![Adaptability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adaptability-1C1C1C?&logo=adaptability&logoColor=white) ![Creativity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Creativity-1C1C1C?&logo=creativity&logoColor=white) ![Critical Thinking](https://img.shields.io/badge/Critical_Thinking-1C1C1C?&logo=critical-thinking&logoColor=white) ![Time Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time_Management-1C1C1C?&logo=time-management&logoColor=white) ![Storytelling](https://img.shields.io/badge/Storytelling-1C1C1C?&logo=storytelling&logoColor=white)



### First Class Honours in BA Fine Art Painting, University of Brighton

![Problem solving](https://img.shields.io/badge/Problem_Solving-1C1C1C?&logo=problem-solving&logoColor=white) ![Research](https://img.shields.io/badge/Research-1C1C1C?&logo=independent-research&logoColor=white) ![Self-Motivation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Self_Motivation-1C1C1C?&logo=self-motivation&logoColor=white) ![Adaptability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adaptability-1C1C1C?&logo=adaptability&logoColor=white) ![Creativity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Creativity-1C1C1C?&logo=creativity&logoColor=white) ![Critical Thinking](https://img.shields.io/badge/Critical_Thinking-1C1C1C?&logo=critical-thinking&logoColor=white) ![Storytelling](https://img.shields.io/badge/Storytelling-1C1C1C?&logo=storytelling&logoColor=white)

## Further Education:

![Time Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time_Management-1C1C1C?&logo=time-management&logoColor=white) ![Problem solving](https://img.shields.io/badge/Problem_Solving-1C1C1C?&logo=problem-solving&logoColor=white) ![Research](https://img.shields.io/badge/Research-1C1C1C?&logo=independent-research&logoColor=white) ![Self-Motivation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Self_Motivation-1C1C1C?&logo=self-motivation&logoColor=white) ![Adaptability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adaptability-1C1C1C?&logo=adaptability&logoColor=white) ![Creativity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Creativity-1C1C1C?&logo=creativity&logoColor=white) ![Critical Thinking](https://img.shields.io/badge/Critical_Thinking-1C1C1C?&logo=critical-thinking&logoColor=white) ![Time Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time_Management-1C1C1C?&logo=time-management&logoColor=white)  ![Storytelling](https://img.shields.io/badge/Storytelling-1C1C1C?&logo=storytelling&logoColor=white)


 - Foundation Diploma in Art and Design, Kingston College, grade Merit
 - A-Levels and GCSE's consistently returned grade A in Mathematics and Art and Design

Commit message:

Revise education documentation: Remove construction notice and add detailed descriptions of software development projects, study hours, and mentorship experiences. Enhance content clarity and provide a comprehensive overview of educational background.

docs/education.md, after:

# Education

I have developed a unique perspective on creative software solutions evidenced through my work in Software, the science of teaching, and Fine Arts.


## Diploma in Full Stack Software Development - Advanced Frontend

<a href="https://www.credential.net/b96c6bc3-5bc2-4d75-9e81-a815af521b0f#acc.AiVS04uc">
    <img src="/docs/screenshots/certifications/diploma-software-development.png" alt="Diploma in Full Stack Software Development" style="width: 500px; height: auto;">
</a>

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-1C1C1C?&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-1C1C1C?&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![REST API](https://img.shields.io/badge/REST_API-1C1C1C?&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-1C1C1C?&logo=react&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1C1C1C?&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-1C1C1C?&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-1C1C1C?&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-1C1C1C?&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)

May 2023 - October 2024


- Developed 8 Projects over 17 months, 5 personal project and three group hackathons. 
- undertook 650 hours study including coding challenges and structured walkthroughs.
- Mentored by experience software developers for personal projects.


## Postgraduate Certificate in General Education with Qualified Teacher Status, University of Roehampton

![Teamwork](https://img.shields.io/badge/Teamwork-1C1C1C?&logo=teamwork&logoColor=white) ![Communication](https://img.shields.io/badge/Communication-1C1C1C?&logo=communication&logoColor=white) ![Problem Solving](https://img.shields.io/badge/Problem_Solving-1C1C1C?&logo=problem-solving&logoColor=white) ![Leadership](https://img.shields.io/badge/Leadership-1C1C1C?&logo=leadership&logoColor=white) ![Planning](https://img.shields.io/badge/Planning-1C1C1C?&logo=planning&logoColor=white) ![Time Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time_Management-1C1C1C?&logo=time-management&logoColor=white) ![Adaptability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adaptability-1C1C1C?&logo=adaptability&logoColor=white) ![Creativity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Creativity-1C1C1C?&logo=creativity&logoColor=white) ![Critical Thinking](https://img.shields.io/badge/Critical_Thinking-1C1C1C?&logo=critical-thinking&logoColor=white) ![Self-Motivation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Self_Motivation-1C1C1C?&logo=self-motivation&logoColor=white)

## Postgraduate Diploma in Fine Art, Royal Drawing School

![Problem solving](https://img.shields.io/badge/Problem_Solving-1C1C1C?&logo=problem-solving&logoColor=white) ![Research](https://img.shields.io/badge/Research-1C1C1C?&logo=independent-research&logoColor=white) ![Self-Motivation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Self_Motivation-1C1C1C?&logo=self-motivation&logoColor=white) ![Adaptability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adaptability-1C1C1C?&logo=adaptability&logoColor=white) ![Creativity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Creativity-1C1C1C?&logo=creativity&logoColor=white) ![Critical Thinking](https://img.shields.io/badge/Critical_Thinking-1C1C1C?&logo=critical-thinking&logoColor=white) ![Time Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time_Management-1C1C1C?&logo=time-management&logoColor=white) ![Storytelling](https://img.shields.io/badge/Storytelling-1C1C1C?&logo=storytelling&logoColor=white)



### First Class Honours in BA Fine Art Painting, University of Brighton

![Problem solving](https://img.shields.io/badge/Problem_Solving-1C1C1C?&logo=problem-solving&logoColor=white) ![Research](https://img.shields.io/badge/Research-1C1C1C?&logo=independent-research&logoColor=white) ![Self-Motivation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Self_Motivation-1C1C1C?&logo=self-motivation&logoColor=white) ![Adaptability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adaptability-1C1C1C?&logo=adaptability&logoColor=white) ![Creativity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Creativity-1C1C1C?&logo=creativity&logoColor=white) ![Critical Thinking](https://img.shields.io/badge/Critical_Thinking-1C1C1C?&logo=critical-thinking&logoColor=white) ![Storytelling](https://img.shields.io/badge/Storytelling-1C1C1C?&logo=storytelling&logoColor=white)

## Further Education:

![Time Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time_Management-1C1C1C?&logo=time-management&logoColor=white) ![Problem solving](https://img.shields.io/badge/Problem_Solving-1C1C1C?&logo=problem-solving&logoColor=white) ![Research](https://img.shields.io/badge/Research-1C1C1C?&logo=independent-research&logoColor=white) ![Self-Motivation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Self_Motivation-1C1C1C?&logo=self-motivation&logoColor=white) ![Adaptability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adaptability-1C1C1C?&logo=adaptability&logoColor=white) ![Creativity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Creativity-1C1C1C?&logo=creativity&logoColor=white) ![Critical Thinking](https://img.shields.io/badge/Critical_Thinking-1C1C1C?&logo=critical-thinking&logoColor=white) ![Time Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time_Management-1C1C1C?&logo=time-management&logoColor=white)  ![Storytelling](https://img.shields.io/badge/Storytelling-1C1C1C?&logo=storytelling&logoColor=white)


 - Foundation Diploma in Art and Design, Kingston College, grade Merit
 - A-Levels and GCSE's consistently returned grade A in Mathematics and Art and Design
