docs/experience.md, before:

# Work Experience

Led and supported technology initiatives across two London schools, including cloud platform implementation and automated marking systems. Developed XLS to PDF conversion tools for faculty use. Managed digital curriculum delivery to 400+ students while exceeding department performance by 32.7%.

# Freelance Software Developer

May 2023 - present 

- Managed my own freelance software development practise. Required exceptional time management skills.
- See [Projects](/projects) for more details.
- Developed a range of software solutions. Use cases are currently hypothetical with intention of deploying real products in the future.
- Networked with range of collaborators through hackathons and meetups.

# Long-term supply teacher at Featherstone High School

September 2024 - present

This role coincided with my growing career in Software.



# Teacher of Art and Design at Featherstone High School

2022 - 2023: Teacher of Art and Design
 - taught Art and Design to KS3
 - marked and graded coursework
 - Students in GCSE class achieved 32.7% higher than their other subjects.
 - supported department with marking algorithms for exam classes, enabling trend analysis
 - supported cloud solutions for department such as Canva
 - held after school clubs for Canva Graphic Design and sewing Textiles
- 
2023-2024 coincided with my growing career in Software.
 - taught Art, Graphic Design and Textiles KS3 to KS4
 - marked and graded coursework
- 
# Teacher of Art and Design at Drayton Manor High School

2019 - 2022:
 - introduced and scaled automated marking system with Excel and Word API
 - lead software migrations from Powerpoint to Prezi to support exceptional circumstances such as lockdowns and non-specialist Graphic Design teachers.

# Teacher of Art and Design at St. Richard Reynolds Catholic School

2019 Trainee position

# Teacher of Art and Design at Christ's School

2018 Trainee position

# Examinations Officer at Hampton Court House

2018 oversaw exams

Commit message:

Update experience documentation: Revise work experience section to reflect a hybrid career in teaching and software development. Add technology badges for skills in Python, JavaScript, React, and AWS. Enhance descriptions of teaching roles, including responsibilities in curriculum delivery, automated marking systems, and support for digital tools. Include new role as Early Years Teaching Assistant and clarify contributions to student success and departmental initiatives.

docs/experience.md, after:

# Work Experience

My work experience demonstrates an contribution to the crucial intersection between learning and technology as I have transitioned into a hybrid career as a teacher and software developer.

# Freelance Software Developer

![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-1C1C1C?&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-1C1C1C?&logo=javascript&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-1C1C1C?&logo=react&logoColor=white) ![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-1C1C1C?&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-1C1C1C?&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Tailwind](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-1C1C1C?&logo=tailwind&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-1C1C1C?&logo=amazon&logoColor=white)

May 2023 - present 

- Managed my own freelance software development practise. Required exceptional time management skills.
- See [Projects](/projects) for more details.
- Developed a range of software solutions. Use cases are currently hypothetical with intention of deploying real products in the future.
- Networked with range of collaborators through hackathons and meetups.

# Long-term supply teacher at Featherstone High School

![Powerpoint](https://img.shields.io/badge/Powerpoint-1C1C1C?&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white) ![Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-1C1C1C?&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white)

September 2024 - present

This role coincided with my growing career in Software.

- Taught English for Autumn Term, supported department with phone calls and rewards, developed collaboration pedagogy with students.
- Taught Textiles for Spring Term, supported department with marking.

# Teacher of Art and Design at Featherstone High School

![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-1C1C1C?&logo=canva&logoColor=white) ![Word](https://img.shields.io/badge/Word-1C1C1C?&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white) ![Powerpoint](https://img.shields.io/badge/Powerpoint-1C1C1C?&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white) ![Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-1C1C1C?&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white)

2022 - 2023:
 - taught Art and Design to KS3
 - marked and graded coursework
 - Students in GCSE class achieved 32.7% higher than their other subjects.
 - supported department with marking algorithms for exam classes, enabling trend analysis
 - supported cloud solutions for department such as Canva
 - held after school clubs for Canva Graphic Design and sewing Textiles

2023-2023: 
 - coincided with my growing career in Software which began in earnest May 2023
 - taught Art, Graphic Design and Textiles KS3 to KS4
 - marked and graded coursework


# Teacher of Art and Design at Drayton Manor High School

![Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-1C1C1C?&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white) ![Word](https://img.shields.io/badge/Word-1C1C1C?&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white) ![Powerpoint](https://img.shields.io/badge/Powerpoint-1C1C1C?&logo=microsoft&logoColor=white) ![Prezi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prezi-1C1C1C?&logo=prezi&logoColor=white)

2019 - 2022:
 - introduced and scaled automated marking system with Excel and Word API across approximately 1000 students in Key Stage 3.
 - lead software migrations from Powerpoint to Prezi to support exceptional circumstances such as lockdowns and non-specialist Graphic Design teachers, supporting approximately 1000 students with a centralised curriculum solution.

# Teacher of Art and Design at St. Richard Reynolds Catholic School

2019 Trainee position

# Teacher of Art and Design at Christ's School

2018 Trainee position

# Examinations Officer at Hampton Court House

2018 oversaw examination conditions and procedures for Year 11 cohort.

# Early Years Teaching Assistant at Hampton Court House

2018 group reading and tutoring for Nursery classes.
