docs/fine_art_painting.md, before:

# Fine Art Painting

My Fine Art Painting practise lasted from early childhood until around 2018. Then from 2019-22 my attention naturally evolved into more of an interest in collaborating with young people, which lead to the science of learning.

I've had a few spells since such as a spontaneous self portrait below (while supervising another teacher in a very lively mask painting class!). 

At the time of writing I enjoy artistic interests through many other mediums such as dance. Artistically and professionally, I seem more and more engaged in the process of collaboration... In contrast these Paintings took place in what seems to have been more of a soul-searching period of my life. 

I am proud of the work that emerged from it; I'm equally grateful I fulfilled my biggest childhood dream of attending Art School, which was a wonderful experience.

<!--TODO: Add images, captions -->

# Abstract explorations, 2016

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract1.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract2.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract3.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract4.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract5.jpg)









# Figuration at Royal Drawing School, 2017

![Figuration at Royal Drawing School, 2017](./artwork/figure1.jpg)

![Figuration at Royal Drawing School, 2017](./artwork/figure2.jpg)

![Figuration at Royal Drawing School, 2017](./artwork/figure3.jpg)

![Figuration at Royal Drawing School, 2017](./artwork/figure4.jpg)



# Return to Abstraction, 2018

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract6.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract7.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract8.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract9.jpg)

Commit message:

Update documentation structure and content: Add Artistic Development section, refine Employment History formatting, and improve readability

docs/fine_art_painting.md, after:

# Artistic Development

Expression, experimentation, experiencing the world in a new way, are all crucial in my programming practise and stem from early childhood involvement in Fine Art.

At the time of writing I enjoy the medium of dance. Artistically and professionally, I am more and more involved in the joy of collaboration... In contrast the Paintings pictured below took place in what appears to have been more of a soul-searching period of my life. 

<!--TODO: Add images, captions -->

# Abstract explorations, 2016

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract1.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract2.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract3.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract4.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract5.jpg)









# Figuration at Royal Drawing School, 2017

![Figuration at Royal Drawing School, 2017](./artwork/figure1.jpg)

![Figuration at Royal Drawing School, 2017](./artwork/figure2.jpg)

![Figuration at Royal Drawing School, 2017](./artwork/figure3.jpg)

![Figuration at Royal Drawing School, 2017](./artwork/figure4.jpg)



# Return to Abstraction, 2018

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract6.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract7.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract8.jpg)

![Abstract explorations, 2016](./artwork/abstract9.jpg)
